SpannedError: Store error span (#569)
ron-rs/ron: CHANGELOG.md

### API Changes

> - Breaking: `SpannedError` now stores the full error span from `span: Span { start: Position, end: Position }`, to facilitate, E.G., language servers highlighting syntax errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking: `SpannedError` now stores the full error span in span: Span { start: Position, end: Position }`, to facilitate, e.g., language servers highlighting of syntax errors.
```
